
CATEGORY PAGE
1. Rectify errors in add,delete func applied on api   
SANITIZE THE CODE 
1. Update the pagination system and display no. of pages
2. ADD CSS on diff comp and make it responsive
PRODUCT page
1. Fill the empty table values - add test entries on wordpress
2. Rectify errors on edit, add functions - use diff endpoints
3. if no search matches display empty table
4. Build the filter based on category
5. Build product variation functionality in add function and view on  - use product variation endpoint
6. sanitize the code
DASHBOARD
1. No. of users, products, categories
2. Display info about statistics sales,orders
UI 
Reporting and Analytics: sales and sales report  generate
Order Management: CRUD
USER MANAGEMENT
ERRORS
1. to add and delete categories - change api end points
2. only 10 entries are fetched aevery time and only those present on screen - change the table config to must include 10 entries for search and filter functions
3. total no. of products, categories cant be calculated 
MISC
1. Update login name
API DOCUMENTATION 
https://stockmanagementlabs.github.io/atum-rest-api-docs/

http://inventorymanagement.epizy.com/admin.php

Riya#up*Kansal
https://jaipurprint.in/wp-admin

search functionality, UI, Sales, Invoice (PDF)

navbar fetch data from login user
update the login user so that it displays upon clicking not upomn hovering 
work on tooltip
work on pagination
make func of product and category page work and add should add values in table as well
search based on category in product
search applied on one page only at a time
upon no match the table should be empty
21 is entered in search now click on next untill we remove 21 and click search next set is not rendered on screen
product variation issue - title is different then var in terms of what
what i need to present on dashboard and sales page

DASHBOARD
1. Total no. of products, categories, users, sales
2. 

1. build suppliers page - add/edit/ delete suppliers, like their name, company name, conatct no., Location,

1. update login.js to include multiple users
